[docs] [Drivers and ORMs] Added java ebean orm (#13143)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/drivers-orms/java/ebean.md

1. To use this directory as a default Ebean package of classes, add the following code at the end of the `conf/application.conf` file:

    ```conf
    ebean.default="models.*"
    ```

1. Create a `Employee.java` file in `app/models/`. This is the class definition or information for the employee. Add the following code to the file:

    ```java
    package models;

    import io.ebean.Finder;
    import io.ebean.Model;
    import javax.persistence.*;
    import javax.validation.constraints.NotBlank;

    @Entity
    @Table(name = "employee")
    public class Employee extends Model{

      @Id
      @GeneratedValue(strategy = GenerationType.IDENTITY)
      @Column(columnDefinition = "serial")
      public Long empId;

      @NotBlank
      public String firstName;

      @NotBlank
      public String lastName;

      @Column(name = "emp_email")
      public String email;

      public static final Finder<Long, Employee> find = new Finder<>(Employee.class);

      @Override
      public String toString(){
          return "{'empId' = '"+empId+"', firstName ='"+firstName+"', 'lastName'      ='"+lastName+"', 'email' ='"+email+"' }";

      }
    }
    ```

> 1. Create an `EmployeeController.java` file under `app/controllers/` directory. This file controls the flow of employees data. It consists of methods for all API calls, including adding an employee, and retrieving employee information. Using the annotation `@Transactional` over the APIs gives the feature of automatically managing the transaction in that API. Add the following code to the file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create an `EmployeeController.java` file in the `app/controllers/` directory. This file controls the flow of employees data. It consists of methods for all API calls, including adding an employee, and retrieving employee information. Use the `@Transactional` annotation to automatically manage the transactions in that API. Add the following code to the file:
```

    ```java
    package controllers;
    import models.Employee;
    import javax.persistence.*;
    import play.libs.Json;
    import play.db.ebean.Transactional;
    import play.mvc.*;
    import java.util.ArrayList;
    import java.util.List;
    public class EmployeeController extends Controller{
      @Transactional
      public Result AddEmployee(Http.Request request){
          Employee employee=Json.fromJson(request.body().asJson(),Employee.class);
          employee.save();
          return ok(Json.toJson(employee.toString()));
      }
      public Result GetAllEmployees(){
          List <Employee> employees = Employee.find.all();
          List<String> employeesList = new ArrayList<String>();
          for(int index=0;index<employees.size();index++){
              employeesList.add(employees.get(index).toString());
          }
          return ok(Json.toJson(employeesList));
      }
    }
    ```

> 1. Add the GET and POST API Request for the `/employees` endpoint to the `conf/routes` file. This will define the necessary method for receiving the request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the GET and POST API Request for the `/employees` endpoint to the `conf/routes` file. This defines the method needed for receiving the request:
```

    ```conf
    GET      /employees            controllers.EmployeeController.GetAllEmployees
    POST     /employees            controllers.EmployeeController.AddEmployee(request: Request)
    ```

### Compile and run the project

> 

Reviewer: And some small intro like "To run the application and insert a new row, execute the following steps:" or somesuch.
